# TTU Climate Center meeting notes
## September 16, 2024

## Pre-meeting agenda
- Quick introductions (lead: Nick Smith; 5 min)
- Research: introduction of new initiatives to spotlight campus 
climate-related research (lead: McKenzie Griffin and Delaney Mooney; 5-10 min)
- Research: planning for Climate Center Research Day in Spring 2025 (lead: Nick Smith; 5-10 min)
- Research: roundtable idea discussion (lead: Nick Smith; 5-10 min)
- Outreach: upcoming events (lead: Nick Smith; 5 min)
- Outreach: ongoing and future campus partnerships (lead: McKenzie Griffin and Favour Egbune; 10-15 min)
- Outreach: roundtable idea discussion (lead: Nick Smith; 5-10 min)
- Close

## Research

### Introduction of new initiatives to spotlight campus climate-related research
- personal public relations strategist for the climate center: Delaney Mooney!
- new newsletter coming soon (monthly)
- what can the climate center do to help support your research?
- Kerry: what sort of information do you want from us and what kind of time input do you need?
	- McKenzie: explain in layman's terms to McKenzie/Delaney
	- Kerry: template with quick question/answer
- McKenzie: have references for different topic area
- Abi: AGU-style plain language summary
- Nick: quick convo would help
- Kerry: run text by researchers

### Planning for Climate Center Research Day in Spring 2025
- Ting: thumbs up
- Kerry: too many on-campus things already going on?
	- Nick: could recycle from previous events
	- Favour: when are the others? timing is really important

### Roundtable idea discussion


## Outreach

### Upcoming events (lead: Nick Smith; 5 min)
- science by the glass coming up on Friday September 27 (Brett Houk)

### Ongoing and future campus partnerships
- upcoming tailgate with CU Boulder (for football game with TTU)
- more fun events (Favour)
	- paint and sip
	- campus-wide garage sale
	- study nights at climate center offices
	- maker's space sewing class at library
- Maria: SAFE training events (fire)
	- professional career development
	- speaker series as well
	- trying to focus on climate change aspects
- Favour: want to help other organizations and draw people to their events
- Favour: also want to help with little things
	- example: access to study spaces
- Karen: working now with Red Raider Recycling
	- might be good resource for tailgate
	- garage sale: SUB student activities board has swap
		- procurement also puts on Red Raider Trader
- Maria: also interested in having a movie night
	- could collaborate on this
	- SUB movie theater
	- "Elemental: reimagining wildfire"
- McKenzie: can put events in our monthly newsletter
- McKenzie: would also like to put organizations affiliated with Climate Center on website
	- send an email with any of this information!
- Favour: know a lot of speakers for events if they are needed

### Roundtable idea discussion
- Natasja: website still needs to be updated
	- happy to show anyone how to use it
- McKenzie: any way the climate center can support you that we did not mention?
- Delaney: need anything written about? we can help!